# ForecastingAPI

This Python-based Bitcoin Forecast API provides forecasting for Bitcoin prices. Users can choose apropriate time step, open-high-low-close option and access forecasted Bitcoin prices using various forecasting methods.

## Table of Contents

- [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Testing](#testing)
- [Contributing](#contributing)

# Installation
To use the Bitcoin Forecast API, follow these steps:

## 1. Download from Git
Clone the repository from GitHub:
```sh
git clone https://github.com/BanasiakB/ForecastingAPI.git
```

## 2. Setup a Virtual Environment
Navigate to the project directory and set up a virtual environment:
```sh
cd ForecastingAPI
python -m venv venv
```

## 3. Activate the Virtual Environment
On Windows:
```sh
venv\Scripts\activate
```
On macOS and Linux:
```sh
source venv/bin/activate
```

## 4. Install Requirements
Install the required Python packages using pip:
```sh
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

# Usage

1. Ensure you are in the project directory and your virtual environment is activated.
2. Run the API server:
```sh
python app
```

# Testing

To run tests for the Bitcoin Forecast API:
### 1. Ensure you are in the project directory and your virtual environment is activated.
### 2. Run the tests using pytest:
```sh
pytest
```

# Note 

Please note that while this API provides forecasted Bitcoin prices, it is not intended to be used as a financial tool. The forecasts generated by this API should be used for informational purposes only. The developers and contributors of this API do not assume any responsibility for financial decisions made based on the forecasted data.

# Meta

Distributed under the MIT license. See `LICENSE` for more information.

[https://github.com/BanasiakB/](https://github.com/BanasiakB/)

# Contributing

1. Fork it (<https://github.com/BanasiakB/ForecastingAPI/fork>)
2. Create your feature branch (`git checkout -b feature/fooBar`)
3. Commit your changes (`git commit -am 'Add some fooBar'`)
4. Push to the branch (`git push origin feature/fooBar`)
5. Create a new Pull Request
